---
title: Support for commercial marketplace products | Partner Center
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 11/20/2019
ms.service: partner-dashboard
ms.subservice: partnercenter-csp
description: Learn how support works for third-party ISV products or subscriptions purchased from the commercial marketplace by partners in the CSP program.
author: MicheleHope
ms.author: v-mihope
keywords: subscriptions, products, Marketplace, third party, ISV, publisher, support, CSP
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.openlocfilehash: 74f1abced9f4d576cc53b73bd8c30e454f9ad2d9
ms.sourcegitcommit: 524d3121e5053a74911e2fd4e9cf5aab14f6b48d
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ko-KR
ms.lasthandoff: 11/20/2019
ms.locfileid: "74253731"
---
# <a name="support-for-commercial-marketplace-products"></a><span data-ttu-id="f96b3-104">상업용 마켓플레이스 제품에 대한 지원</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-104">Support for commercial marketplace products</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-105">**적용 대상**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-105">**Applies to**</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-106">파트너 센터</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-106">Partner Center</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-107">CSP 프로그램의 파트너</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-107">Partners in the CSP program</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-108">**Appropriate roles**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-108">**Appropriate roles**</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-109">전역 관리자</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-109">Global admin</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-110">관리자 에이전트</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-110">Admin agent</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-111">Just as with Microsoft products, partners in the CSP program are the first point of contact for their customers' questions about billing and subscription management for any third-party ISV subscription or product they have purchased for their customers from the commercial marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-111">Just as with Microsoft products, partners in the CSP program are the first point of contact for their customers' questions about billing and subscription management for any third-party ISV subscription or product they have purchased for their customers from the commercial marketplace.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-112">For technical support questions about commercial marketplace products from third-party ISV publishers, partners in the CSP program should contact the ISV publisher of that product or offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-112">For technical support questions about commercial marketplace products from third-party ISV publishers, partners in the CSP program should contact the ISV publisher of that product or offer.</span></span>

## <a name="support-roles-of-isv-products-for-csp-partners-isv-publishers-and-microsoft"></a><span data-ttu-id="f96b3-113">Support roles of ISV products for CSP partners, ISV publishers and Microsoft</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-113">Support roles of ISV products for CSP partners, ISV publishers and Microsoft</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-114">For commercial marketplace offers or purchases of third-party ISV products or offers:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-114">For commercial marketplace offers or purchases of third-party ISV products or offers:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-115">**Support role of the ISV publisher:** ISVs provide technical support and service level commitments to their customers regarding their offer, as defined in the Third Party Customer Agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-115">**Support role of the ISV publisher:** ISVs provide technical support and service level commitments to their customers regarding their offer, as defined in the Third Party Customer Agreement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-116">The ISV should provide a way for partners in the CSP program and/or their customers to contact the ISV directly for support, including user support and break-fix support.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-116">The ISV should provide a way for partners in the CSP program and/or their customers to contact the ISV directly for support, including user support and break-fix support.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-117">ISVs are expected to provide partners in the CSP program with user documentation, training and service health/outage notifications (as applicable) so those partners will be equipped to coordinate support (if partners in the CSP program choose to provide that service to their customers).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-117">ISVs are expected to provide partners in the CSP program with user documentation, training and service health/outage notifications (as applicable) so those partners will be equipped to coordinate support (if partners in the CSP program choose to provide that service to their customers).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-118">**Support role of the partner in the CSP program:** The partner in the CSP program is responsible for all other support for third-party ISV offers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-118">**Support role of the partner in the CSP program:** The partner in the CSP program is responsible for all other support for third-party ISV offers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-119">This includes support for their customers' billing questions, account set-up and payment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-119">This includes support for their customers' billing questions, account set-up and payment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-120">The partner in the CSP program may choose to direct technical support queries from customers to the support contacts provided by the ISV publisher.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-120">The partner in the CSP program may choose to direct technical support queries from customers to the support contacts provided by the ISV publisher.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-121">**Support role of Microsoft:** Microsoft provides support to the third-party ISV publisher and to the partner in the CSP program regarding Microsoft commerce system functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-121">**Support role of Microsoft:** Microsoft provides support to the third-party ISV publisher and to the partner in the CSP program regarding Microsoft commerce system functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-122">This means Microsoft will be responsible for support of certain activities by the partner in the CSP program partner activities and by the ISV that occur within the Microsoft commerce system, such as onboarding/offer management, transactions, billing, account support, and deployment and provisioning for Azure-based ISV solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-122">This means Microsoft will be responsible for support of certain activities by the partner in the CSP program partner activities and by the ISV that occur within the Microsoft commerce system, such as onboarding/offer management, transactions, billing, account support, and deployment and provisioning for Azure-based ISV solutions.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-123">Microsoft does not provide support for commercial marketplace products offered by third-party ISV publishers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-123">Microsoft does not provide support for commercial marketplace products offered by third-party ISV publishers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-124">Microsoft will, however, give the partner in the  CSP program access to the ISV publisher's support contact information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-124">Microsoft will, however, give the partner in the  CSP program access to the ISV publisher's support contact information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-125">Partners in the CSP program must contact the ISV publisher (above) to obtain other types of support for their offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-125">Partners in the CSP program must contact the ISV publisher (above) to obtain other types of support for their offer.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-126">In the [indirect CSP model](csp-overview.md#indirect-model), these support responsibilities are shared between the indirect provider and the indirect reseller.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-126">In the [indirect CSP model](csp-overview.md#indirect-model), these support responsibilities are shared between the indirect provider and the indirect reseller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-127">If you are an indirect reseller, ask your indirect provider for details.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-127">If you are an indirect reseller, ask your indirect provider for details.</span></span>

## <a name="how-to-find-isv-contact-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="f96b3-128">How to find ISV contact information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-128">How to find ISV contact information</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-129">Most ISV contact details appear on the Partner Center **Offer details** page, available from the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-129">Most ISV contact details appear on the Partner Center **Offer details** page, available from the Partner Center [dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-130">This includes an engineering contact for the ISV, customer support, and any CSP program contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-130">This includes an engineering contact for the ISV, customer support, and any CSP program contact.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f96b3-131">Information provided by the ISV here may also include user documentation, sales collateral, and a link to CSP program marketing materials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-131">Information provided by the ISV here may also include user documentation, sales collateral, and a link to CSP program marketing materials.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-132">To access the **Offer details** page, see [Discover offers in the commercial marketplace](csp-commercial-marketplace-discover.md#view-marketplace-offers-in-partner-center).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-132">To access the **Offer details** page, see [Discover offers in the commercial marketplace](csp-commercial-marketplace-discover.md#view-marketplace-offers-in-partner-center).</span></span>

## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f96b3-133">다음 단계</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-133">Next steps</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="f96b3-134">Learn about contracts related to commercial marketplace products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f96b3-134">Learn about contracts related to commercial marketplace products</span></span>](csp-commercial-marketplace-contracting.md)
